Previously
on Roswell, New Mexico...
SANDERS:
I've seen that thing before.
It is definitely explosive.
It can be killed.
I got to get back to my lab.
MICHAEL:
They're shooting the fireworks
into the wind.
MAX:
All it's gonna take is
one tiny spark, and this
whole place is gonna blow.
You don't know what he is, son.
I know what he means to Alex.
(both screaming)
No.
Max!
Hey, hey.
Liz, what happened?!
Let me take over.
I can't lose him again.
You are the only one
who can save an entire
carnival of people
from a bomb!
(panting)
(crowd screaming, clamoring)
Isobel!
Liz... I'm trying to keep
the fire away from it, but...
I think there might be too much!
I have to activate
the ingredients first, but
once I introduce
my solution to this system,
it should kill
the cellular matrix.
And-and deactivate the bomb?
Yes.
(strains)
Aah!
It's hot.
I have less time than I thought.
(panting):
Oh, God.
Please, I'll do anything.
I'll... I'll be better.
Please...
(gasps)
Oh, God.
(coughing)
Rosa, what happened?
Check on Flint-- is he alive?
(grunting)
What did you do to him?
Rosa, help me get Flint
to the hospital.
Okay.
(coughing)
What are you doing here?
I told you, you
are free to go!
Jesse Manes was the only one
who was supposed to get hurt.
(coughing)
Okay, okay,
keep her conscious.
We're almost there--
down the hall.
Stay with us.
It's okay, you're gonna be okay.
Let's get an IV on her.
Hang in there.
(clamoring)
Is that supposed
to happen?
Get as many families
out of here as you can
and then run, Isobel, go!
There is no reason for both
of us to die-- go!
No!
I can't leave you.
Gregory, listen.
You and I have had our
differences in the past,
but you should
stand with me now.
You're not well, Dad.
MAN:
Move, move!
ALEX:
Guerin, get the atomizer!
Get it away from my brother!
MICHAEL:
Alex, I can't.
At least you came prepared.
(winces)
(Isobel straining)
Liz,
get back!
(gasps)
MATT:
Liz!
Isobel! Liz!
(groans)
You disabled it, you...
you saved everyone.
I-Is Flint dead?
Did you kill him?
Drop it, Guerin.
Drop it!
(gunshot)
(crowd screaming)
Greg.
(choking)
I should have defended you
from him a long time ago.
There are no more
Manes men left.
JAVIER:
You're late, Liz-- order up!
Oh, sorry, Javi, I just
haven't really been sleeping.
You've said that every day
since CrashCon.
Still having nightmares?
I'm fine.
Did you read the papers
this morning?
Oh, I've, uh, kind of been
trying to avoid the papers.
Did you hear about that veteran
who died at the carnival?
They're going to have
a parade, build a statue.
Did you know
he was disabled?
Here, seats two and three.
I did know that, yeah.
The CrashCon discourse is saying
aliens invaded
and killed the guy.
That should be
good for tourism.
Newspaper said it was
smoke inhalation, though.
He was making sure all
the kids got out safely
and the smoke
overwhelmed him.
WOMAN: We need
more people like him.
(gasps)
(groans) Uh, yeah, so table six
has been waiting forever.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
Hi, your specials are
Steak Me to Your Leader
and UnidentiFried Chicken.
What do you recommend?
I thought you went
back to Denver.
I did go back,
I just really missed
the Space Junk-Loaded
Cheese Fries.
Uh, Elizabeth Ortecho,
I'd like you to meet Doctor...
Margot Meyerson.
I've-I've read all your studies.
I'm assuming you're not here
for the Space Junk.
What you doing?
Oh, they cut your bracelet
off during surgery.
How are you?
You look better.
Liz has been stopping
by every day to inject me
with witch serum.
Ooh, the synthetic
nucleotide
excision repair
genomogenate?
Mm-hmm.
We're lucky.
You're only part alien,
otherwise there wouldn't
have been enough left
of you for her to save.
(exhales):
Yeah.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
Listen.
Do you think you could...
use your telekinesis
to open this box?
Mimi left it when she visited.
It's a family heirloom,
but she forgot the key.
Mimi hasn't exactly
been leading you
in the right
direction lately.
Her psychic visions led you
toward a bomb instead
of away from it.
Seeing you like
that-- all sick
and pale and quiet--
I-I started praying.
(sighs)
So, uh, I got to get to work,
Iz, maybe we can...
I wish I understood why Louise
and Nora would spent a year
building an alien weapon
of mass destruction.
I don't think
it was a bomb.
I... think it's a
communication device.
It's like a remote,
you know, it just
happens to be combustible.
Are you mad at me, Max?
Did I do
something wrong?
Is it that we're not related,
or are you upset
about the abortion? Because I...
Whoa, whoa, uh,
Iz, whoa, God, no.
Because you're not talking
to me!
You're not... the only one.
I didn't want
everyone to worry,
you know, 'cause I, uh...
I've been taking...
some of Liz's antidote.
And things are
coming back to me.
Little flashes, sort of, mostly.
Michael said that you kind of
zoned out when you touched
that alien bomb... remote thing.
Did it trigger a memory?
When I touched the
console, I heard
whispers that I could
almost understand.
All right, it's like
the same with those symbols.
I mean, it's like their meaning
is, is just beyond reach.
Except for one word. I, uh...
I took this from Graham Green's
display at CrashCon.
See that?
It's an aerial photo
of some crop circles,
from Roswell in 1948.
This farm belonged to a guy
called Jones.
Pretty sure it says "savior."
I don't understand.
This is my name.
Maybe that means that
you and Michael's parents
weren't the only ones
that survived the crash.
Right, maybe I had
a family, too.
You know, maybe, maybe my
mom was just across town.
Max.
Max...
I really wish
that you could...
just focus
on the present.
You know, I mean,
as a recently deceased man,
I really feel like
you should be enjoying
the simple pleasures
in life,
you know,
like reading nerdy books,
the smell of leather, and...
...that feeling when you wake up
before your alarm
and... the person you love is
still asleep and they're
kind of snoring a little bit.
It's like the best thing
that's ever happened to you.
Stuff like that.
I want all those things, too.
But I feel
like if I only
know half of myself,
I'm only half living.
And I know you
understand that, Iz,
because I've watched
you this year
become your entire self.
And it is so
beautiful.
Okay, I am... am not
at all mad at you.
Are you kidding me?
I am so proud of you.
I am... I am so proud
that you're my sister.
(sniffles)
Oh, Max.
(knocking)
Hey.
Maria made me bring food over.
Gave it to Gregory.
He seems to be holding up okay.
Everything my family
touches turns to crap.
My dad used
to talk about
how my Grandpa Harlan
built this shed
with his bare hands
when he was, like,
seventy.
For a long time it
was my safest space.
And then one night...
...my dad destroyed it.
You're right.
(sighs)
This place sucks.
(both shouting)
I don't understand
the violence, Max.
Flint could have
had brain damage,
given how long he
wasn't breathing.
You risked your life to hurt
him, and-and he had already
thrown the weapon
away, Max, so why?
I can't get that
image out of my head,
of you trying to
kill Alex's brother.
I know.
I snapped.
Last year, Noah told me
that we were energized
by killing and not by healing.
Even then, I knew
he was right. I...
Obviously I can usually fight
that, but I guess this time
my better angels
just didn't show up.
We have to stop keeping
secrets from each other, Max.
There's a scientist in town.
She's a supervisor at Genoryx.
She has a job for me
in California.
She's offered to sponsor
my dad's citizenship.
And it could put me in
a position to help Rosa, too.
I mean, I'd be able
to do a lot of good
with the grant money
they're offering,
and I know that all sounds
too good to be true, but...
It sounds like someone
finally realizes
how valuable your mind is.
I think that a change of scenery
will be so good for us.
I mean,
we could get a place
by the beach
and-and you can write.
Uh, you want me to,
to come with you?
Of course I do.
Well, I mean, I...
(sniffles)
I just told you I have
this killer instinct,
and you want me to come
to California with you.
We'll figure it out.
Okay? We'll figure
all of it out,
together.
♪ Let her go... ♪
Run away with me... Max Evans?
♪ Let her dance, let her sing,
let her be what ever... ♪
(laughs, sniffles)
♪ If you're gonna love her... ♪
Anywhere.
♪ Love her ♪
♪ Leave her wild. ♪
(grunting)
Oh, my God.
I mean, of course.
(grunts)
Ah.
(whispers):
Damn it, Mimi.
"Eugene Manes III."
This is Tripp.
My grandfather killed Tripp.
Hey.
Evans.
Did you get arrested again?
Ah, you found out about that.
Yeah.
(laughs)
Okay.
Thank you for that, Cam.
Thank you very much.
You, uh,
you hear from Charlie?
Yeah.
She texted me from a burner
phone that she was all right,
and then she vanished again.
So, um,
I was gonna go eat my feelings
about it at the diner,
if you want to join.
Oof. I would,
but I have
a doctor's appointment,
'cause that's a thing I do now.
Mm.
Listen, um, I was wondering
if you would be interested
in a little undercover work?
MICHAEL:
So, Alex thinks Harlan found out
Tripp was an alien sympathizer
all that time and he offed him.
So Mimi must have known
that you would find it.
That's why she left the box.
Look, I know that you don't
trust my mom's visions,
but I was the only one
that could grab that atomizer
and run with it.
If it had been you,
you'd be dead.
What are you doing?
Maria, that prevents
brain damage.
I'm only part alien,
but it is a part of me.
Even if it's dangerous,
I can't just turn off
a piece of myself.
So I'm supposed
to sit around, helpless,
as you fade away?
Maria, I cannot watch you
disappear. I love you.
(quietly):
I love you, too.
So can we just let this go?
You have it wrong.
Mimi hasn't disappeared.
Yes, she can be inconvenient,
she can make people
uncomfortable, but maybe
she's supposed to be
an uncomfortable inconvenience
that saves lives.
And now,
I need to be inconvenient,
and I don't want to be
someone that hurts you.
I think that we should
find out what's next,
apart from each other.
Wait, so you think that if...
if we break up, I'm gonna be
able to stop caring about you?
I learned so much,
being with you.
You sacrificed yourself
without hesitation
when Alex needed you.
I would have done
the same for you.
I know.
I don't doubt
your capacity for love,
'cause you made me so happy
this year.
(laughs)
And I loved
being someone
that made you happy.
I just think that we should
leave it be,
before I wonder if someone else
could make you happier.
(sniffles)
Open the box, Guerin.
Let's see what comes next.
MICHAEL:
Tripp gave this to Maria's
grandmother Patricia.
"Dear Patricia.
My name is Eugene Manes.
If you're reading this,
I'm dead."
His story starts the
night of the UFO crash.
(gasps)
TRIPP:
I couldn't hurt her.
She was from another galaxy,
and yet...
...somehow, she was as familiar
as my own reflection.
It took a few weeks
to find her,
but I was drawn back
to the Long Farm.
Wait. Don't be afraid.
I'm not here to hurt you.
You must know that.
The same way I know
you aren't here to hurt me.
It's warmer, closer to the fire.
TRIPP:
It was as if we were built
from the same star...
"...drawn together
by something cosmic."
Hmm.
What do you think will happen?
What do you mean?
(laughs softly)
When I die, idiot.
You know,
Socrates thought that death
was a blessing,
because only one
of two things could happen.
Either consciousness ceases,
and it's like falling
into a dreamless sleep.
Or, you go to where all who have
died before you have gone.
Your loved ones,
people you admire.
If you lived a good
and just life,
you will be surrounded
by goodness and justice,
in a place
without fear.
(grunts softly)
Sorry.
I thought a lot about this
when my dad passed, so I-I...
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry that I'm putting
you through this again.
No.
No, no, no.
I want to be here.
Sorry. It can wait.
Max said you guys
had an appointment.
It's okay.
KYLE:
Don't flirt with
other doctors
while I'm gone.
(Steph laughs softly)
I was very impressed with her
work when we first pursued her,
but when I met her today,
not so much.
Why? 'Cause she had a little
ketchup on her uniform?
(gasps)
Oh, my God.
(slurring):
You're, like, so pretty.
Like, I just think
that women
should tell other women when
they're beautiful, you know?
DIEGO:
Okay.
Thank you.
I am so sorry.
Anyway, I think we
should move on.
DIEGO (over device):
Okay, wait a second.
Liz has been working
on something recently,
but she signed this NDA.
Although, I-I guess
she can't be blamed
if we took a peek,
you know,
without permission.
MARGOT:
Okay.
You know what I'm saying here,
right, Max?
(phone vibrating)
Oh-- I-I got to take this.
CAMERON: You were right.
It is too good to be true.
Diego just told some woman he
can get her access to Liz's lab.
He must have followed her there.
Well, there's a security system.
The way he's talking,
it sounded like
Diego's pretty certain
he can get access.
They just left here, Evans.
You need to tell Liz
to get anything incriminating
out of there now.
So, did he make
a move or what?
Come on, Michael.
Read it out loud.
I'm vaguely uncomfortable
with his description of my mom
tasting ice cream
for the first time.
♪ Frankie and Johnny
were lovers... ♪
(laughs)
(both chuckle)
TRIPP:
She confessed she and Louise
had been sneaking off
to build something
deep in the desert.
The device in the barn
was just a piece of the puzzle.
Is it a ship?
Like the one that crashed
the night we met?
Nora, if it's the military
you're afraid of,
I've got a way to keep us safe.
I have a friend on
a reservation, a man I trust.
I don't fear humans.
♪ "Oh, good Lord,"
says Frankie... ♪
There was a man on board my ship
who shouldn't have been there.
TRIPP:
He was a stowaway.
NORA:
Yes.
He crashed the ship here
and now he's hunting us.
Everyone on board either died
or was captured
by Project Shepherd.
If Louise and I got
away, so did he.
Please, help me
with the supplies.
I'll get you the tools you need.
I'll protect you.
But for now...
...watch the sunset.
It's the most beautiful
just before it disappears.
I wanted to show her everything
good about this world.
I thought I could
make her stay.
I thought I had time.
I keep thinking about how...
different my dad might have been
if Tripp had a chance
to mentor him.
How different everything
might have been.
("Legend" by The Score playing)
♪ Nah, nah-nah, nah-nah ♪
♪ Nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ Nah, nah, nah,
nah-nah, nah ♪
♪ Here we go, here we go,
it's about time that we... ♪
LIZ: This is my record of
the dissection of specimen NB...
...immunoglobulin harvested
from alien DNA
can be transferred
to a human recipient.
Commence dissection of the
dorsal side of the spinal nerve.
I hypothesize that
the female specimen’s plasma...
Bracken's seminal cells
indicate a pH level
double that
of a human counterpart.
Bracken's seminal cells
indicate a pH level...
I hypothesize that
the female specimen's...
I'm now extracting
the gray matter...
the gray matter
to measure alien voxel signals.
♪ Blood, sweat,
I'll break my bones ♪
♪ Till all my scars
bleed golden ♪
♪ My name's forever known ♪
(takes deep breath)
♪ Bang, bang ♪
♪ I'll break my bones ♪
♪ Bang, bang,
this fire's a weapon ♪
♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang... ♪
MARGOT: This is where
Ortecho's unlocked the secrets
of the universe?
♪ Till we're legends ♪
♪ Bang, bang, won't stop
till we're legends ♪
♪ Nah, nah, nah, nah. ♪
MICHAEL:
Aw, dude.
You look like me.
Can whatever this is
wait till tomorrow?
ISOBEL: Nope.
We spent the day reading
Tripp Manes' journal.
Caffeinate, Max.
Screw caffeine.
You earned it.
Yeah, I know I earned it--
it's mine.
Okay, so...
when I asked Sanders
about this photo of Nora,
he said he didn't know
whose hand this was.
He was all, "Mr. Bernhardt,
Mr. Jones, Old Man Gibbons.
Could've been
anybody."
Jones? That's the guy who grew
the crop circles in the shape
of my name.
Ten points to Hufflepuff.
MICHAEL:
So, in October '48,
Nora decided
not to finish building the ship
with Louise.
She decided to go
to the reservation with Tripp.
But then little Walt
convinced her to go to
the fall festival, where,
after successfully avoiding him
for a year,
she finally ran into
the alien stowaway
who had crashed the ship--
he'd been masquerading
as a farmer.
Mr. Jones.
Tripp saw Jones approach Nora,
and he recognized him
from the night of the crash,
but he didn't have a chance
to ask Nora about it
before Harlan called
for a raid on the farm.
Yeah. And after
the massacre,
Jones was
never heard from again.
Crop circles...
were all that was left.
If you were in hiding,
why would you grow corn
in the shape of an alien symbol?
Maybe they
just grew that way.
It's the same way that
this symbol
just shows up everywhere,
you know?
Wait,
when did...?
Oh, I got it when,
uh, we weren't sure
if you were coming back.
It didn't feel like it was ever
gonna be the same again.
(softly):
All right.
There. Now, can we all
cowboy up and focus, please?
Let's feel our feelings
after we've solved the mystery
of the unknown alien.
After the raid
on the farm, Nora was held
by Project Shepherd.
Don't let Harlan
find you here.
He'll make you
prove you hate me.
Can you use your abilities
to unlock this?
They've been putting
needles in me.
Is Louise all right?
And the baby?
There's still a heartbeat.
But Louise won't speak
to anyone.
She goes into her mind,
where things
are beautiful,
where there's no pain.
Where we're all together.
I'll get you out of here,
I swear.
No.
You have to obey them.
Tripp,
if your brother kills you and
Louise is lost in her mind,
there will be no one
to protect my son,
her daughter and...
(sniffles)
the other.
Without me
to wake them,
they won't emerge for 50 years.
June 14, 1997.
It'll be safer then.
What?
No, I-I'll be long gone.
Perhaps you'll have a son.
Someone you can trust
with a secret.
Nora...
I don't want
a family without you.
You have to know that by now.
(footsteps, laughter nearby)
Liz, who would do this?
(indistinct radio chatter)
CHARLIE:
You never could
sit still, Jenna.
You're here.
I was picking up
another fake I.D.,
a new name, and I...
just couldn't do it.
I fought so hard
to become who I am,
and I just trade her in
every time I get scared?
No.
I don't want to be
on the run anymore.
I just...
Just be my sister.
I'll keep you safe,
Charlie. Just stay.
(crying quietly)
What ever happened to that thing
that she and Louise
were building
out in the dessert?
I mean, did she ever tell him
where it was
or what it was?
Nope.
And when Tripp asked Louise
about it,
she was silent.
Why'd you do it, Max?
I'd been asking you for weeks
to clear out that lab, okay?
I knew it wasn't safe.
Alex installed a military-grade
security system.
A system designed
by Genoryx, okay?
Diego could
have hacked it.
He could already
know everything.
And his nefarious plan
is to what,
set us up with a condo in L.A.,
give my family a second chance?
Okay, I have a family
to protect, too.
Yes, and you
could have stopped Diego
without destroying a year
of my work!
I had to act fast!
So your first instinct was to go
with the one method
that would break my heart?
Oh, I'm sorry,
I wasn't thinking about
your heart when I'm staring
No.
at jars with
Noah's liver
and his brain.
I mean, what else
did you harvest from us, Liz?
Those are just cells.
(sighs)
I-I wasn't hurting anyone.
I don't know what you thought
love was gonna be like
when we were 17,
but it isn't
just sunsets
and horseback rides.
You can't put this all on me.
Okay? You were
sneaking around
behind my back...
I apologized.
I stopped.
Max, you died this year.
I was all alone
because of a choice you made,
but still,
every single thing I did
was for you
and about you
and-and-and with you.
So when you were back,
when I could finally
touch you...
...when I
could finally breathe...
I needed to take just one moment
to remember where I end
and where you begin.
To just be whole
in who I am.
I am a scientist.
I am...
I am fighting for something
that is bigger than me.
I am trying to leave this world
a better place.
And I am in love
with you.
And right now, I hate it.
(door opens in distance)
(door closes)
(inhales sharply)
ROSA:
So, Dad's checking your oil
and making sure
you have enough chili.
Mm, good man.
Also,
you left...
this in our room.
Mom's been texting.
(exasperated groan)
Trying to come up
with a better response
than, "Go duck
yourself."
(laughs)
(softly):
You should come with me.
The Ortecho sisters
take California.
(laughs)
I wish.
But I can't.
I'm going back to rehab tonight.
I want to see
the program through.
Sorry.
(softly):
Don't be.
It's the best possible thing
you could have said.
You know...
Max should be your
road trip buddy.
You love him.
You're gonna forgive him.
Besides, we both know if you try
to leave town without him again,
he's just gonna show up
with some big, grand
romantic gesture
to stop you.
Come here.
♪ The moon is smilin' down ♪
♪ Sittin' on the porch tonight ♪
♪ The cool breeze... ♪
Hey.
Mm-hmm.
So, how does it feel
to have your father's murder
officially avenged?
Feels like my dad's
still dead.
Flint should be okay.
He'll live to become
the new Jesse Manes.
No, he won't.
Mm.
I'm not gonna
let it happen.
After everything...
you still believe in redemption?
Well, I have a pretty
good example of it
right in front of me.
Can I get the
next round?
Nah, I just wanted
the one.
I really hate
open mic night.
(applause)
FORREST:
Okay, next up...
Manes.
(applause)
(clears throat)
♪ My father taught me home
is where the hurt is ♪
♪ So I built a fortress ♪
♪ Where I lived alone ♪
♪ He said ships were never
meant to have a harbor ♪
♪ So I've worn this armor ♪
♪ I've fought and flown ♪
♪ I was raised a soldier ♪
♪ Put my weapons down
to hold you ♪
♪ Is a kiss an act of war? ♪
♪ I just tried
to keep you warm ♪
♪ Even though I couldn't stay ♪
♪ No, you never looked away ♪
♪ Now I can't look away ♪
♪ Would you meet me
in the middle? ♪
♪ Could we both stop
keeping score? ♪
♪ There's a battle
I must fight alone ♪
♪ It's you I'm fighting for ♪
♪ If I call off the battalion ♪
♪ Break my walls down
stone by stone... ♪
Your hands are better.
Did they give
you morphine?
I woke up this morning
feeling incredible.
Look at my chart.
My numbers are up.
♪ You'll come home... ♪
It's a miracle.
Or just really good science.
(both chuckling)
♪ Together we could quiet
all the noises ♪
♪ Drown out the voices ♪
♪ Play our own song ♪
♪ Boys becoming men
under the desert sky ♪
♪ But something dark inside ♪
♪ Said it was wrong ♪
♪ I was raised a soldier ♪
♪ Put my weapons down
to hold you ♪
♪ Is a kiss an act of war? ♪
♪ I just tried
to keep you warm... ♪
What you did was reckless.
And dangerous
and unethical, Liz.
(sighs)
♪ No, you never looked away ♪
♪ Now I won't look away ♪
Thank you.
♪ Would you meet me
in the middle? ♪
♪ Could we both stop
keeping score? ♪
Michael.
Don't leave.
It's a sad story, me and Alex.
♪ If I call off
the battalion... ♪
I have to walk away so we can
start a new one someday.
It's not our time right now.
But it will be.
I think so.
♪ Would you come home? ♪
♪ I still find
my father's shrapnel buried ♪
♪ Beneath my skin ♪
♪ But I've begun to heal
in all the places ♪
♪ Your hands have been ♪
♪ Would you meet me
in the middle? ♪
♪ Could we both stop
keeping score? ♪
♪ There's a battle
I must fight alone ♪
♪ It's you I'm fighting for ♪
♪ If I call off the battalion ♪
♪ Break my walls down
stone by stone ♪
♪ Tear down my defenses ♪
♪ I can build your heart
a home ♪
♪ And if I did ♪
♪ Would you come home? ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
Okay.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ I wish I found the words
when we were 17 ♪
♪ You were the best of me ♪
♪ You are ♪
♪ The best of me. ♪
(applause and cheering)
(whooping)
MAN: Yeah!
Well, damn.
How do you feel?
Like I just sang
a song about a guy
in front of a bunch
of cowboys, and...
I don't care.
Oh, lucky guy, with
a song like that.
Yeah, it was a long time ago.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Can I...?
♪ Every dream
you may become... ♪
If you came to tell
me what I did wrong,
your sister already texted.
Did you get
what you wanted, Mom?
Is your score finally settled?
No.
I wanted everyone
to see Jesse Manes
humiliated and weak.
I wanted him to die
knowing shame.
But the papers say
it was a tragedy.
People like him--
bad white men--
they die heroes,
no matter what they've done.
People like us--
we die villains.
Yeah, I know. I've done it.
But I also got
a second chance,
so I get to leave
a different legacy.
The last time...
that I saw you,
I said that I hated you.
That's not true.
I love you, Mom.
I love you, too, mija.
Mm-mm. I also
told you to leave...
and I was right about that.
Liz was free, and it should have
stayed that way.
Manes is gone.
There is no revenge to be had.
No closure and no redemption.
Don't come back, Mom.
Don't bother Liz again.
♪ Brighter... ♪
I really hope you get better.
Maybe you can have
a second chance, too.
♪ Oh, you are ♪
♪ Oh, you are... ♪
No.
♪ Oh, you are ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh. ♪
(groans)
How'd you guys find me?
Freaky twin thing.
What's going on?
I took more
of the antidote.
Sorry. I should have
called you guys.
Save it. We are sick
of being pissed at you
for being so
obnoxiously yourself.
Why you look so scared?
Um, well, when I...
when I touched
the-the alien console
at the fair, something happened.
I-I heard whispers
that I couldn't
understand until now.
I think when I... when I touched
it, I unlocked something.
Like what?
Like a cage?
The whispers
led me here.
I know it sounds crazy,
but would you guys help me
find a tunnel?
♪ Everybody's got a dark side ♪
♪ Deep down in their blood ♪
♪ In their blood,
in their blood ♪
♪ Everybody's got a price ♪
♪ When they're on the wrong
side, are they gone? ♪
♪ Baby, been livin'
in the light too long ♪
♪ Baby, get back
where you belong ♪
♪ Everybody got a dark side ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Little bit of devil inside ♪
♪ Back of your mind, and you
say that it's all right ♪
♪ We all got a dark side... ♪
MICHAEL:
It's sealed up.
I feel like we should learn more
before we just
bust that door open.
Yeah, you're
probably right.
(knocking)
MAN: Help! Is
someone there?
If Max unlocked something
at CrashCon,
whoever that is has been
down here for days without...
MAN:
I need water.
Please.
♪ Going down the dark road ♪
♪ Instead ♪
♪ Instead, instead ♪
♪ 'Cause I've been... ♪
MAX:
There has to be three.
(high-pitched ringing)
♪ Get back where I belong ♪
♪ Everybody got a dark side ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Little bit of devil inside ♪
♪ Back of your mind, and you
say that it's all right ♪
MAN:
Back up. I will shoot.
I repeat, do not move!
♪ And, darlin', this is mine ♪
I see you.
Howdy... partner.
♪ Everybody got a dark side ♪
♪ And, darlin', this is mine. ♪